# https 20404 generic-all//github.com/eclipse-openj9/openj9/issues/20497
valhalla/valuetypes/RecursiveValueClass.java 20404 generic-all

# https 20404 generic-all//github.com/eclipse-openj9/openj9/issues/20386
# This should be resolved by using migrated value classes
# Value type class ObjectMethods$ValueRecord has an invalid super class java/lang/Record
valhalla/valuetypes/ObjectMethods.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/ObjectMethodsViaCondy.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/UseValueClassTest.java 20404 generic-all

# remaining failing tests that need to be triaged with Fields issue fixed
java/lang/invoke/FindAccessTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/LoopCombinatorLongSignatureTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/MethodHandleProxies/WrapperHiddenClassTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/MethodHandlesGeneralTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/PrivateInvokeTest.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/SpecialInterfaceCall.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/VarHandles/VarHandleTestAccessValue.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/VarHandles/VarHandleTestMethodHandleAccessValue.java 20404 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/defineHiddenClass/BasicTest.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/MHZeroValue.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/MethodHandleTest.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/NullRestrictedArraysTest.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/NullRestrictedTest.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/Reflection.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/SubstitutabilityTest.java 20404 generic-all
valhalla/valuetypes/WeakReferenceTest.java 20404 generic-all